Add private channel obfuscation docs (#8454)
discord/discord-api-docs: developers/events/gateway.mdx

After the connection is open and your app is sending heartbeats, you should send an [Identify (opcode `2`)](/developers/events/gateway-events#identify) event. The Identify event is an initial handshake with the Gateway that's required before your app can begin sending or receiving most Gateway events.

> Apps can also opt into a [gateway capability](/developers/events/gateway-events#identify-gateway-capabilities) in the Identify payload that changes how existing gateway behaviors work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bot clients can also opt into a [gateway capability](/developers/events/gateway-events#identify-gateway-capabilities) in the Identify payload that changes how existing gateway behaviors work.
```

> Apps can also opt into a [gateway capability](/developers/events/gateway-events#identify-gateway-capabilities) in the Identify payload that changes how existing gateway behaviors work.

Reviewer: Should there be a ref to Identify payload here?
